---
title: About Me
description: Hi, I'm John
author: John
date: 2025-07-17 19:00:00 +0800
categories: [Personal, John]
tags: [Info]
pin: true
media_subpath: '/assets/2025-07-17-About-Me'
---


### Intro

Hi, I'm John. I'm a Computer Science and Mathematics double major at the Georgia Institute of Technology, with a focus in intelligence, modeling, and simulation.

I'm passionate about the intersection of software engineering and financial markets, where code directly impacts real-world outcomes. That’s why I’m pursuing a career in quantitative development—combining my technical skills with trading infrastructure, algorithms, and high-performance systems.

### Education

#### Georgia Tech

I am currently pursuing my BS in Computer Science with a focus in Intelligence and Modeling/Simulation, alongside an additional BS in Mathematics, both at the Georgia Institute of Technology (Atlanta, GA, USA). I also plan to enroll in the MS/BS Computer Science program next year, allowing me to complete both my bachelors and masters degrees in 2029.

I chose Georgia Tech for its extensive extracurricular opportunities and hands-on learning style. Some of my current coursework includes classes on Object Oriented Programming (CS 1331) and Discrete Mathematics in Computer Science (CS 2050).

#### Faith Lutheran High School

I graduated from Faith Lutheran High School in Las Vegas, NV with a 4.0 GPA. In my 4 years of high school, I took a wide range of challenging courses from AP Chemistry and AP Computer Science to AP English Literature. This courseload prepared me for college and gave me the foundational knowledge for a career in computer science.

<br />

### Technical Skills

I am proficient in several programming languages, including (but not limited to), C++, Python, Java, C#, C, and JavaScript. I believe in learning by doing, and as such, I've completed several projects utilizing multiple languages and frameworks (see the writeups on this website!). I am also comfortable using essential technologies and frameworks, such as Git, Docker, Apache, PyTorch, React, SQL, and more. Currently, I am looking to further expand my skillset by studying the basics of AWS. 

<br />

### Professional Experience

#### ShoreDrop

I was recently hired as a software developer for the startup ShoreDrop. I am currently building the company website with React/Node.js/Vite, to deliver a responsive and SEO-optimized marketing platform. I am also developing a cross-platform mobile app with Flutter to enable seamless ordering, inventory management, and fulfillment. These tasks introduced numerous challenges, such as how to enable precise GPS location services to support on-beach deliveries. I also integrated the platform with AWS cloud infrastructure to handle authentication, database, storage, and API services.

#### Ultimate Info Services

In 2024, I worked as a web developer for Ultimate Info Services. During my time there, I developed and maintained WordPress websites for 10+ small business clients, enhancing functionality, security, and user experience. I was also tasked with resolving various technical issues in order to maintain our 100% customer satisfaction rate. Other jobs included optimizing site performance to reduce average page load times, improving SEO scores, and implementing analytics tracking and reporting for clients.

#### Unified Compliance

At Unified Compliance (Network Frontiers), I worked as an AI and Data Science researcher. Most of my time was spent conducting applied AI/ML research on regulatory compliance and data governance and co-authoring two published research papers. I worked with established researchers to improve the efficiency of data labeling, mining, and scaling within organizations by tenfold. You can read those papers here:

- [Data Protections and Licenses Affecting Text and Data Mining for Machine Learning](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/361732919_Data_Protections_and_Licenses_Affecting_Text_and_Data_Mining_for_Machine_Learning)
- [Siloed & Federated Compliance-Related Analysis and Harmonization](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/380596389_Siloed_Federated_Compliance-Related_Analysis_and_Harmonization)

#### CJKT Robotics

From January of 2023 to May of 2025, I was the founding and managing partner of the robotics nonprofit organization CJKT Robotics. In my two-and-a-half-year long tenure at the nonprofit, I worked alongside schools to mentor and teach Title I students the basics of mechanical design, robotics programming, and competition strategy. My team and I also represented the nonprofit in several robotics competitions, such as the international Vex Robotics World Championships.

<br />

### Career Aspirations

I am passionate about quantitative development and am looking to build a career in the finance industry such that I can combine my love of computer science with my passion for math and finance. I am *currently looking* for work opportunities to apply my skills in software development, algorithmic trading, machine learning, and/or financial software engineering.

<br />

### Contact

Nice to meet you, and please, feel free to reach out to me!

#### *Email*
johndavidabe101@gmail.com
#### *Linkedin*
[https://www.linkedin.com/in/johndcode/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/johndcode/)
